Python Wheel installation guide for AC (#280)
astronomer/docs: ac/next/02_production-core.md

---
title: "Running Astronomer Core at Production Scale"
navTitle: "Production Scale Installation"
description: "Running the Astronomer Core distribution of Airflow at production scale."
---

## Overview

This guide walks through all of the necessary steps to install Astronomer Core in a production environment. By the end of the setup, you'll be able to begin deploying and running Airflow across multiple machines.

## Prerequisites

> Ensure the following linux packages are installed on your machines. Depending on your OS, you can run either `apt get <package>` or `yum install <package>` to install them:

Author: Should we assume that? I can imagine someone jumping straight into a production installation if they have no interest in using Docker. If anything, I think we should be more clear about what kind of setup they're installing in the Overview section, which I've tried to do in this latest commit. It might also be easier to differentiate these setups once we decide on how to frame an at-scale Docker installation.

- sudo
- python3
- python3-dev (python3-devel for RHEL/CentOS)
- gcc

> - text editor of your choice (vi, vim, nano, etc…)

Author: I think these are just base-level Python packages that do low-level tasks such as compiling, installing, running, etc.

> - text editor of your choice (vi, vim, nano, etc…)

Author: Removing text editor bit though, as that's not a package

> You also need a PostgreSQL database that is reachable by all the machines that will be running this Airflow cluster.

Author: Yep, removing this

Lastly, you will need to run the three following Airflow components:

- Scheduler
- Webserver

> - Worker(s)

Author: There's not a clear action here, but I think that's okay for a Prerequisites section. Depending on the organization, they might want to allocate machines in advance of the installation based on this bit, but I don't think there's anything actionable that we can specifically recommend here.

## Step 1: Set Up the Database

This guide assumes that your database server is local to where you run these commands and that you're on a Debian-like OS. If your setup is different, you will need to tweak these commands.

To make the database server accessible outside of your localhost, you may have to edit your [`/var/lib/postgres/data/pg_hba.conf`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/auth-pg-hba-conf.html) file and restart Postgres. Editing this file will vary for each individual database setup. You should also understand the security implications before editing this file.

If your database server is running on the same machine as your other Airflow components, you can change `peer` to `md5` to allow connections with username/password from the same machine.

To setup the PostgreSQL database:

1. Create a database user named `airflow`:

    ```sh
    sudo -u postgres createuser airflow -P
    ```

    This will prompt you for a password; create one and make a note of it for later.

2. Create a database named `airflow` and set the `airflow` user as the owner:

    ```sh
    sudo -u postgres createdb --owner airflow airflow
    ```

> 

Author: Added some more set up that takes care of this negative space, I think. Let me know how it looks.

## Step 2: Configure Each Machine in Your System

Each machine that will be running an Astronomer Core component (Scheduler, Webserver, or Worker) will need all of the following steps completed.

### A. Create a system user to run Airflow

Airflow can run as any user, but for this setup we assume the user name `astro`. Run the following command to add this user to your machine:

```sh
sudo useradd --shell=/bin/false --create-home astro
```

> ### B. Create a project folder for Airflow

Author: Oops, thought I had commented on this last pass - I don't know if we can assume that someone completing this setup is doing so after the quick start. I think our change to "install on virtual machines" language helps us break this off from the quickstart setup.

echo 'export AIRFLOW_HOME=/usr/local/airflow' | sudo tee --append ~astro/.bashrc
cd /usr/local/airflow && mkdir dags
```

>> **Note:** If you're running Airflow on multiple machines, each machine needs access to the same DAGs in order to successfully execute them. We recommend setting up automation pipelines for updating all of your DAG folders whenever a local folder is updated. For more information, read [Deploying DAGs].

### C. Create a virtual environment

To isolate the Astronomer Core python modules from changes to the system, create a virtual environment using the following command:

```sh
sudo -u astro python3 -m venv ~astro/airflow-venv
```

### D. Install Astronomer Core

Install the AC Python Package onto your machine by running:

```sh
sudo -u astro ~astro/airflow-venv/bin/pip install --extra-index-url=https://pip.astronomer.io/simple/ 'astronomer-core[postgres]==1.10.10.*'
```

This command includes the `[postgres]` dependency so that all libraries needed to use Postgres are also installed. You can add additional dependencies such as `[redis, crypto, aws, celery]` depending on your use case.

### E. Configure a process supervisor

> To have Airflow start at your machine's boot time and stay running, we recommend implementing a process supervisor. In this example systemd is used, though any process supervisor will work here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have Airflow start at your machine's boot time and stay running, we recommend implementing a process supervisor. Systemd is used in this example, though any process supervisor will work here.
```

This sentence sounds a little confusing - what does "To have Airflow start at your machine's boot time and stay running" mean? Link to systemd maybe and/or give a brief overview of what a process supervisor _is_?

Author: Updated the first sentence a bit, hopefully that makes things more clear.

To use systemd as a process supervisor:

1. Create a systemd unit file using the following command:

    ```sh
    sudo -e /etc/systemd/system/astronomer-core@.service
    ```

2. Using the text editor of your choice, add the following to the file you just created:

    ```
    [Unit]
    Description=Airflow %I daemon
    After=network-online.target cloud-config.service
    Requires=network-online.target

    [Service]
    EnvironmentFile=/etc/default/astronomer-core
    User=astro
    Group=astro
    Type=simple
    WorkingDirectory=/usr/local/airflow/
    ExecStart=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow %i
    Restart=always
    RestartSec=5s

    [Install]
    WantedBy=multi-user.target
    ```

> 3. Edit `/etc/default/astronomer-core` to contain these Environment Variables and values:

Reviewer: Was this file generated from `sudo -e /etc/systemd/system/astronomer-core@.service`?

Author: It looks like it's specified in the text of the `Systemd` config in step 2, but I don't know whether users need to create that file themselves or whether it's generated when they specify it in `/etc/systemd/system/astronomer-core@.service` . @kaxil do you have experience with this specific setup?

   ```sh
   AIRFLOW_HOME=/usr/local/airflow/
   AIRFLOW__CORE__LOAD_EXAMPLES=False
   PATH=$PATH:/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin
   ```

>    If you have a config setting that doesn't change from machine-to-machine or environment-to-environment, you can instead place it in `airflow.cfg` in your Airflow home deployment step.

Reviewer: Maybe link out to OSS Airflow docs here on airflow.cfg/environment variables - https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/set-config.html

### F. Configure Airflow for Database Access

> Airflow needs to be told where its metadata DB lives, as well as which user to connect as, by setting additional Environment Variables. To do so, add the following to your `/etc/default/astronomer-core` file:

Reviewer: Wording in the first sentence here sounds a little weird to me

AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__BASE_URL=http://host:port
AIRFLOW__CELERY__BROKER_URL=sqla+postgresql://airflow:<your-user-password>@localhost/airflow
AIRFLOW__CELERY__RESULT_BACKEND=db+postgresql://airflow:<your-user-password>@localhost/airflow
AIRFLOW__CORE__EXECUTOR=CeleryExecutor
```

The password you specify here should be the same one you specified when prompted by the `createuser` command in step 1. If your password contains `%`, `/`, or `@` then you will need to url-escape; replace `%` with `%25`, `/` with `%2F`, and `@` with `%40`.

#### Alternative setup options

* Your Airflow user password is stored written in `/etc/default/astronomer-core` (owned by `root:root` and `0600` permissions) on your nodes. If you'd rather use an existing credential store, such as HashiCorp's Vault, you can instead specify a command that will be run (once, at service start up) to obtain the connection string. For example:

    ```
    AIRFLOW__CORE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN_CMD=vault kv get -field=dsn secret/airflow-db
    ```

    For more information on this feature, read [Integrating Airflow and Hashicorp Vault](/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault).

> * In this example setup, the Environment Variables for the Celery Executor specify using the main database for communication. Alternatively, you could use [Redis](https://redis.io/) to take some of the load off of your main database.

Reviewer: Redis is _probably_ what we recommend - I wonder if we just do that upfront?

Author: I see a few posts online about using alternative message brokers such as MessageMQ. I made this a more thorough recommendation, but I don't think we need to use Redis in the main setup if there's alternatives that also work.

## Step 3: Set Up the Scheduler

On the machine where you want to enable the Scheduler:

1. Enable the Scheduler by running the following command:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl enable astronomer-core@scheduler.service
    ```

2. Edit the override file for the machine by running the following command:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl edit astronomer-core@scheduler.service
    ```

3. In the empty document that appears, add the following lines:

    ```
    [Service]
    ExecStartPre=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow upgradedb
    ```

4. Start the service by running:   

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl start astronomer-core@scheduler.service
    ```

## Step 4: Set Up the Webserver

> On the machine where you'll be running the Webserver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Webserver is an Airflow core component that is responsible for rendering the Airflow UI. To configure it on its own machine, follow the steps below.
```

1. Enable the Webserver by running the following:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl enable astronomer-core@webserver.service
    ```

2. Start the service by running the following:

    ```sh

>     sudo systemctl start astronomer-core@webserver.service

Reviewer: When you run this command, what happens? Can users expect to have the Webserver up on their browser?

Reviewer: Oh, that was answered below :) Maybe say that explicitly?

    ```

>> **Note:** For added security and stability, we recommend running the Webserver behind a reverse proxy and load balancer such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/). For more information on this feature, read the [Apache Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/run-behind-proxy.html).

> ## Step 5: Set Up the Worker Machines

Reviewer: Is this section only applicable to Celery Executor?

Author: I don't think so? How do tasks get run if there's no worker to process them? Basing my understanding of the core concepts here: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts.html

For each machine that you want to host a Worker:

1. Enable the Worker service by running the following command:

   ```sh
   sudo systemctl enable astronomer-core@worker.service
   ```

2. Start the service by running the following command:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl start astronomer-core@worker.service
    ```

## Step 6: Confirm the Installation

To confirm that the installation was successful, open http://host:port in your web browser. You should see the login screen for the Airflow UI.

Log in with `admin` for both your user name and password. Afterwards, you should see the homepage for Airflow:

![Empty Airflow UI](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/airflow-ui/installation-home.png)

> If you want to further confirm that everything's working as intended, add this [example DAG] to the DAG folder of every machine running Airflow and stop/start your Airflow services. When you reopen the Airflow UI, you should see the example DAG ready to run.

Reviewer: How do you "stop" those services?

Author: Based on our `systemd` setup, I think you can use `$ systemctl stop airflow` to stop any services running on the machine. But we should double check with someone to make sure that we don't need to add anything else to the config file to make that happen.

Reviewer: Decided to move start/stop to specific action-oriented docs

---
title: "Running Astronomer Core at Production Scale"
navTitle: "Production Scale Installation"

> description: "Running the Astronomer Core distribution of Airflow at production scale."

Author: Changed the navTitle and some capitalization, but otherwise totally agree

---

## Overview

> This guide walks through all of the necessary steps to install Astronomer Core in a production environment via Python wheel. By the end of the setup, you'll be able to deploy and run Airflow across multiple machines.

Author: Pypi doesn't seem to capitalize "wheel", so following that convention here: https://pypi.org/project/wheel/

## Prerequisites

First, ensure the OS-level packages listed below are installed on your machines. If you're Debian-based, run `$ apt get <package>` to do so. If you're running RedHat Linux, run `$ yum install <package>`.

- sudo
- python3
- python3-dev (python3-devel for RHEL/CentOS)
- gcc

If you're Debian-based, run `$ apt get <package>` to do so. If you're running RedHat Linux, run `$ yum install <package>`.

You also need a database that is reachable by all the machines that will be running this Airflow cluster. While this guide walks through the process for configuring a PostgreSQL database, Airflow is compatible with all of the following databases:

- PostgreSQL: 9.6, 10, 11, 12, 13
- MySQL: 5.7, 8
- SQLite: 3.15.0+

Lastly, you will need to run the following three Airflow components:

- Scheduler
- Webserver
- Worker(s)

> You can run these components on one or multiple machines, though we recommend using multiple machines for a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run these components on one or multiple machines, though we recommend using multiple machines for a production environment.

> **Note:** MySQL 5.7 is compatible with Airflow 2.0 but it does NOT support the ability to run more than 1 Scheduler and is not recommended. If you'd like to leverage Airflow's new Highly-Available Scheduler, make sure you're running MySQL 8.0+.
```

> ## Step 1: Set Up the Database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Set Up Airflow's Metadata Database
```

> To set up a PostgreSQL Airflow meta database:

Reviewer: Should we capitalize this? (Not actually sure - maybe look through Airflow docs). Either way, let's standardize this and add to style guide.

>
> If your database server is running on the same machine as your other Airflow components, you can change `peer` to `md5` to allow connections with username/password from the same machine.

### Alternative setup: Use an existing database

Instead of creating a new PostgreSQL database, you can use an existing database as long as the following are true:

- The database is compatible with Airflow as described in Prerequisites.
- You have a user named `airflow` with ownership access to the database.

When you specify the `AIRFLOW__CORE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN` environment variable in step 2F, replace the connection URL with the appropriate URL for your database.

## Step 2: Configure Each Machine in Your System

Each machine that will be running an Astronomer Core component (Scheduler, Webserver, or Worker) will need all of the following steps completed.

> ### A. Create a system user to run Airflow

Author: Discussed this over Zoom - keeping the lettering for now as an exception, as this is an exceptional document format (setup that needs to be completed multiple times and has considerations that make a numbered list format cumbersome)

Airflow can run as any user, but for this setup we assume the user name `astro`. Run the following command to add this user to your machine:

```sh
sudo useradd --shell=/bin/false --create-home astro
```

### B. Create a project folder for Airflow

> You also need to configure an AIRFLOW_HOME directory (not to be confused with the user's home directory) where you'll store your DAGs. We recommend using the path `/usr/local/airflow` as your project directory and `/usr/local/airflow/dags` as your DAG directory, but any path can be chosen as long as the `astro` user has write access to it. To do this, run the following commands:

Author: `Requirements.txt` is only for Docker - for virtual machines, you just install the python package directly. Agreed that we can be more explicit that `airflow.cfg` is created after you first complete setup and specify `AIRFLOW_HOME` (as described [here](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/set-config.html)).

```sh
sudo install --owner=astro --group=astro -d /usr/local/airflow
echo 'export AIRFLOW_HOME=/usr/local/airflow' | sudo tee --append ~astro/.bashrc
cd /usr/local/airflow && mkdir dags
```

> **Note:** If you're running Airflow on multiple machines, each machine needs access to the same DAGs in order to successfully execute them. We recommend setting up automation pipelines for updating all of your DAG folders whenever a local folder is updated. For more information, read [Deploying DAGs].

### C. Create a virtual environment

To isolate the Astronomer Core python modules from changes to the system, create a virtual environment using the following command:

```sh
sudo -u astro python3 -m venv ~astro/airflow-venv
```

### D. Install Astronomer Core

Install the AC Python Package onto your machine by running:

```sh

> sudo -u astro ~astro/airflow-venv/bin/pip install --extra-index-url=https://pip.astronomer.io/simple/ 'astronomer-core[postgres]==1.10.10.*'

Author: Copied how we described this in the quickstart.

    ```

2. Using the text editor of your choice, add the following to the file you just created:

    ```
    [Unit]
    Description=Airflow %I daemon
    After=network-online.target cloud-config.service
    Requires=network-online.target

    [Service]
    EnvironmentFile=/etc/default/astronomer-core
    User=astro
    Group=astro
    Type=simple
    WorkingDirectory=/usr/local/airflow/
    ExecStart=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow %i
    Restart=always
    RestartSec=5s

    [Install]
    WantedBy=multi-user.target
    ```

3. Edit `/etc/default/astronomer-core` to contain these Environment Variables and values:

   ```sh
   AIRFLOW_HOME=/usr/local/airflow/
   AIRFLOW__CORE__LOAD_EXAMPLES=False
   PATH=$PATH:/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin
   ```

   If you want to configure an environment variable that applies to all of your machines, you can instead place it in `airflow.cfg` in your Airflow home deployment step. For more information, read the Apache Airflow documentation on [Setting Configuration Options](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/set-config.html).

### F. Configure Airflow for Database Access

> Airflow needs to be connected to the meta database and `airflow` user via Environment Variables. To do this, add the following to your `/etc/default/astronomer-core` file:

Author: Took the first part of this and moved it to step 1.

For Local Executor:

```
AIRFLOW__CORE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN=postgresql://airflow:<your-user-password>@localhost/airflow
AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__BASE_URL=http://host:port
AIRFLOW__CORE__EXECUTOR=LocalExecutor
```

For Celery Executor:

```
AIRFLOW__CORE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN=postgresql://airflow:<your-user-password>@localhost/airflow
AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__BASE_URL=http://host:port
AIRFLOW__CELERY__BROKER_URL=sqla+postgresql://airflow:<your-user-password>@localhost/airflow
AIRFLOW__CELERY__RESULT_BACKEND=db+postgresql://airflow:<your-user-password>@localhost/airflow
AIRFLOW__CORE__EXECUTOR=CeleryExecutor
```

The password you specify here should be the same one you specified when prompted by the `createuser` command in step 1. If your password contains `%`, `/`, or `@` then you will need to url-escape; replace `%` with `%25`, `/` with `%2F`, and `@` with `%40`.

#### Alternative setup options

> * Your Airflow user password is stored written in `/etc/default/astronomer-core` (owned by `root:root` and `0600` permissions) on your nodes. If you'd rather use an existing credential store, such as HashiCorp's Vault, you can instead specify a command that will be run (once, at service start up) to obtain the connection string. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your Airflow user password is stored in `/etc/default/astronomer-core` (owned by `root:root` and `0600` permissions) on your nodes. If you'd rather use an existing credential store, such as [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault), you can instead specify a command that will be run (once, at service start up) to obtain the connection string. For example:
```

assuming "stored written" is typo/redundant

1. Enable the Worker service by running the following command:

   ```sh
   sudo systemctl enable astronomer-core@worker.service
   ```

2. Start the service by running the following command:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl start astronomer-core@worker.service
    ```

You now have the ability to run Airflow tasks within DAGs.

## Step 6: Confirm the Installation

To confirm that the installation was successful, open `http://host:port` in your web browser. You should see the login screen for the Airflow UI.

Log in with `admin` for both your user name and password. Afterwards, you should see the homepage for Airflow:

![Empty Airflow UI](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/airflow-ui/installation-home.png)

If you want to further confirm that everything's working as intended, add this [example DAG] to the DAG folder of every machine running Airflow and stop/start your Airflow services. When you reopen the Airflow UI, you should see the example DAG ready to run.

## Next Steps

This guide provided the minimum setup necessary to get Airflow running on multiple machines at scale. From here, you'll want to complete the following additional setup to make the most of Airflow:

> - Automate DAG deployment across your installation
> - Read how to upgrade to a new Astronomer Core version
> - Integrate an authentication system
> - Set up a destination for Airflow logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automate DAG deployment across your installation
- Upgrade to a new version of Apache Airflow
- Integrate an authentication system
- Set up a destination for Airflow task logs
```

    ```sh
    sudo -u postgres createuser airflow -P
    ```

    This will prompt you for a password. Create one, and make a note of it for later.

2. Create a database named `airflow` and set the `airflow` user as the owner:

    ```sh
    sudo -u postgres createdb --owner airflow airflow
    ```

This guide assumes that your database server is local to where you run these commands and that you're on a Debian-like OS. If your setup is different, you will need to tweak these commands.

> **Note:** To make the database server accessible outside of your localhost, you may have to edit your [`/var/lib/postgres/data/pg_hba.conf`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/auth-pg-hba-conf.html) file and restart Postgres. Editing this file will vary for each individual database setup. Before editing this file, take a moment to assess the security  implications of editing this file.
>
> If your database server is running on the same machine as your other Airflow components, you can change your authentication method from `peer` to `md5` in the same `pg_hba.conf` file to allow connections with a username/password from the same machine.

### Alternative setup: Use an existing database

> Instead of creating a new PostgreSQL database, you can use an existing database as long as the following are true:

Author: It should be "both of the following are true". Updated

echo 'export AIRFLOW_HOME=/usr/local/airflow' | sudo tee --append ~astro/.bashrc
cd /usr/local/airflow && mkdir dags
```

> **Note:** If you're running Airflow on multiple machines, each machine needs access to the same DAGs in order to successfully execute them. We recommend setting up automation pipelines for updating all of your DAG folders whenever a local folder is updated. For more information, read [Deploying DAGs].

### C. Create a virtual environment

To isolate the Astronomer Core python modules from changes to the system, create a virtual environment using the following command:

```sh
sudo -u astro python3 -m venv ~astro/airflow-venv
```

### D. Install Astronomer Core

Install the AC Python wheel onto your machine by running:

```sh
sudo -u astro ~astro/airflow-venv/bin/pip install --extra-index-url=https://pip.astronomer.io/simple/ 'astronomer-core[postgres]==<airflow-version>'
```

To install the latest patch version of Apache Airflow 2.0.0, for example, this command would be:

```sh
sudo -u astro ~astro/airflow-venv/bin/pip install --extra-index-url=https://pip.astronomer.io/simple/ 'astronomer-core[postgres]==2.0.0.x'
```

> This command includes the `[postgres]` dependency so that all libraries needed to use Postgres are also installed. You can add additional dependencies such as `[redis, crypto, aws, celery]` depending on your use case.

Author: According to [this post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46775346/what-do-square-brackets-mean-in-pip-install), dependencies are comma delimited just as they are written here. `astronomer-core` is the package, and anything in that bracketed section is a dependency. I tried rewording this to make it more clear, as it definitely wasn't as clear in the original wording.

> This command includes the `[postgres]` dependency so that all libraries needed to use Postgres are also installed. You can add additional dependencies such as `[redis, crypto, aws, celery]` depending on your use case.

Reviewer: Looks like you addressed this! Resolving

    ```
    [Unit]
    Description=Airflow %I daemon
    After=network-online.target cloud-config.service
    Requires=network-online.target

    [Service]
    EnvironmentFile=/etc/default/astronomer-core
    User=astro
    Group=astro
    Type=simple
    WorkingDirectory=/usr/local/airflow/
    ExecStart=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow %i
    Restart=always
    RestartSec=5s

    [Install]
    WantedBy=multi-user.target
    ```

3. Edit `/etc/default/astronomer-core` to contain these Environment Variables and values:

   ```sh
   AIRFLOW_HOME=/usr/local/airflow/
   AIRFLOW__CORE__LOAD_EXAMPLES=False
   PATH=$PATH:/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin
   ```

   When you run Airflow for the first time, a file called `airflow.cfg` will be generated in your `AIRFLOW_HOME` directory. If you want to configure an environment variable that applies to all of your machines, you can instead place it in `airflow.cfg` in your Airflow home deployment step. For more information, read the Apache Airflow documentation on [Setting Configuration Options](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/set-config.html).

### F. Configure Airflow for Database Access

> To connect your Airflow environment to the metadata DB you created in Step 1, add the following Environment Variables to your `/etc/default/astronomer-core` file:

Author: Yep, pulling the plug on capitalization in this PR.

#### Alternative setup: Database access

* Your Airflow user password is stored in `/etc/default/astronomer-core` (owned by `root:root` and `0600` permissions) on your nodes. If you'd rather use an existing credential store, such as [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault), you can instead specify a command that will be run (once, at service start up) to obtain the connection string. For example:

    ```
    AIRFLOW__CORE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN_CMD=vault kv get -field=dsn secret/airflow-db
    ```

    For more information on this feature, read [Integrating Airflow and Hashicorp Vault](/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault).

* In this example setup, the `AIRFLOW__CELERY__BROKER_URL` Environment Variable uses the main database for communication. To take some load off of your main database, we recommend using a dedicated message broker such as [Redis](https://redis.io/) and specifying that here instead.

## Step 3: Set Up the Scheduler

> The Scheduler orchestrates the running of DAGs across your Airflow Environment. To get your Scheduler running:  

Author: Reworded this slightly

1. Enable the Webserver by running the following:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl enable astronomer-core@webserver.service
    ```

2. Start the Webserver by running the following:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl start astronomer-core@webserver.service
    ```

You can now access the Airflow UI in a web browser via `http://host:port`.

> **Note:** For added security and stability, we recommend running the Webserver behind a reverse proxy and load balancer such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/). For more information on this feature, read the [Apache Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/run-behind-proxy.html).

## Step 5: Set Up the Worker Machines

For each machine that you want to host a Worker:

1. Enable the Worker service by running the following command:

   ```sh
   sudo systemctl enable astronomer-core@worker.service
   ```

2. Start the service by running the following command:

    ```sh
    sudo systemctl start astronomer-core@worker.service
    ```

You now have the ability to run Airflow tasks within DAGs.

## Step 6: Confirm the Installation

> To confirm that the installation was successful, open `http://host:port` in your web browser. You should see the login screen for the Airflow UI.
> 
> Log in with `admin` for both your user name and password. Afterwards, you should see the homepage for Airflow:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To confirm that the installation was successful, open `http://host:port` in your web browser. You should see the login screen for the Airflow UI. Log in with `admin` as both your user name and password. From there, you should see Airflow's primary 'DAGs' view:

```

![Empty Airflow UI](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/airflow-ui/installation-home.png)

> If you want to further confirm that everything's working as intended, add this [example DAG] to the DAG folder of every machine running Airflow and stop/start your Airflow services. When you reopen the Airflow UI, you should see the example DAG ready to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to further confirm that everything's working as intended, add this [example DAG] to the DAG folder of every machine running Airflow and stop/start your Airflow services. When you reopen the Airflow UI, you should see the example DAG ready to run.
```

Should `Example DAG` link out to something here?

Author: Assuming that users might approach this installation before running the quickstart, I think it'd be nice to have an example DAG on GitHub that people can work with right away. Basically the exact DAG that appears for `astro dev init`, but decoupled from the CLI.
